#How to Prepare Data for NeXTA

= Introduction =

Please create a project file "*.dlp" under the data folder.

= Required input files =

Prepare the following input files in CSV format (e.g. using Excel). The example files can be found under NeXTA installation folder //dataSets.

input_node.csv

|| node_id, X, Y ||

input_link.csv

||from_node_id, to_node_id, length_in_mile, number_of_lanes, speed_limit_in_mph, capacity_in_pcphpl, link_type_for_display||

input_zone.csv

||TAZ, centroid_node_id||

input_demand.csv

||from_TAZ, to_TAZ, number_of_vehicles, vehicle_type, starting_time_in_min, ending_time_in_min||

= Required input files =

Remarks for planners:
1) A centroid node can be shared by multiple zones. 
2) Connectors are allowed in the network representation. When calculating the shortest path from zone A to zone B, we include only outgoing connectors from zone A and incoming connectors to zone B in the network representation. When performing traffic simulation, we accept vehicle paths are a sequence of physical links (excluding the first connector link of zone A and the last connector link of zone B).
3) Default values for different link types.

=Optional Input to display background map=
background.bmp

Users can use Paint to save the screenshot of your background map to a file called background.bmp under the project data folder.

=Output file format for visualization =

LinkStaticMOE.csv (for static traffic assignment)
|| FromNodeID, ToNodeID, Link Capacity per hour, Link Flow per hour, VOC Ratio, Free-Flow Travel Time (min), Travel Time (min), Speed (mph)||

LinkMOE.csv (for dynamic traffic assignment)
||from_node_id, to_node_id, timestamp_in_min, travel_time_in_min, delay_in_min, link_volume_in_veh_per_hour_per_lane, link_volume_in_veh_per_hour_for_all_lanes,density_in_veh_per_mile_per_lane, speed_in_mph, exit_queue_length, cumulative_arrival_count, cumulative_departure_count||

Vehicle.csv (for dynamic traffic assignment)
||vehicle_id,  originput_zone_id, destination_zone_id, departure_time, arrival_time, complete_flag, trip_time, vehicle_type, occupancy, information_type, value_of_time, path_min_cost,distance_in_mile, number_of_nodes,  node id, node arrival time||
Use "0" as the default values if you do not have data for a certain field
 
"DayLinkMOE1.csv", "DayLinkMOE2.csv", ...(for multi-day traffic observations)
|| ||